# Saturday - March 8th, 2025
	- #habit
		-
	- ## 10-Minute Freewriting Session {{renderer :pomodoro_fdjqc,10,1741462048955}}
		- Getting started a little late today, as far as my workflow goes, but I already got a bunch of stuff done in terms of setting up things for Lisa in helping me work on business stuff. This freewriting session is much needed though to get a good reset on my day though. I think I got stuck in a stubborn flow of trying to make sure some things happened that didn't matter as much as the things I really need to get done. Things like creating content, finishing my portfolio, optimizing my resume, and other stuff like that. Learning... But the freewriting session is vital because it takes the garbage out of my main thinking pipeline and disposes of the things that are not important while allowing through the important and useful thoughts - the ones that are good at deciding what is important and the ones that contribute to productivity. It can be hard to decipher the difference until I see it on screen or paper though. Let's take the following thought for example - "I don't know if I will spend all ten of these minutes freewriting because I have so much to do". Now at first glance, that would seem like a productive thought and also a good point. But seeing it on screen helps me see something deeper - the thought for what it really is. It's just a collection of string characters printed after careful strokes from keypresses. I.e. it's just a bunch of words that may seem like a good idea, but when I see it in front of me, I can see it is actually an excuse to do something else other than write. I feel like my mind will always try to find something else do besides writing. For whatever reason, it seems like good advice until I look back at the fact I haven't published anything in God-Knows-How-Long and it all comes back to me not doing things like freewriting sessions, not prioritizing what is important well, and being straight up lazy. I think the freewriting session makes me write for ten minutes and certain thoughts can be reviewed, helping me see that there really is a lot of garbage to sort through and I really am not surprised how much time I waste on any given day on things that are not all that important honestly. Writing today has helped me realize I need at least one blog post done and then my portfolio (as much as I can get done) should also be prioritized, but I have an adequate solution on the web that can be used for now until I finish working on my digital garden/portfolio site/whatever it is I think I need to create to get a job. Getting a job, creating stuff, and making money are my sole focus and everything I do needs to fall into those categories. Creating content is definitely something that can help with all three and needs to be a major focus for today. I may look at the Astro Resume site I have up and review it a bit, but that could definitely get me a job while I work on my portfolio site in the meantime. There's somethings that need to change, but I am glad to be back on track after a few days of feeling like I've been backsliding towards being behind and struggling. So today will be an example of turning it around on the productivity front, focusing on what's important, and keeping on just coming back to that over and over again until I accomplish my goals. I have about 30-40 seconds left and don't have much else in terms of this main topic I've been writing about, so I think I will just casually write about all the stupid words I can think of at the moment until the clock reads 0:00, which will be in about ten more seconds or so, depending on how slow this fucking timer takes.
-
- # To Do Today {{renderer :todomaster}}
	- ## DONE Portfolio Site
	- ## DONE Create Content
	- ## DONE Learning
		- DONE Data Structures and Algorithms
		- DONE System Design
		- TODO AI/ML Roadmap
-
- # [[Resources, Readings, and Links]]
-
- # Notes
-
-