- #habit
	- #freewriting
		- ## {{renderer :pomodoro_ajtkf,10,1744733369278}} 10-Minute Freewriting Session
			- Here we go again, another shit day from hell on earth. Each passing day is another day of me saying "Each passing day..." and babbling on like a mother fucking idiot. Talking about a whole bunch of nothing and nothing of talking about a anything. Every time I make it another day without jamming a butter knife into my eye socket and smashing my face into the table is a testament to my... stupidity and an example of how a human can torture himself psychologically for an infinite amount of time if he only tells himself that something good is going to happen soon, despite any evidence to prove such a fucking stupid and pathetic hopeful thought. Maybe I should jab a spoon into my eye socket instead of a butter knife. That sounds more like it - now that's a way to do it. The only other reasonable way to do it would be to saw my head off with a piano string, kind of like in that one devil horror movie that Lisa loves. Oooh, ooh - I got a better idea: have Lisa saw my head off. That would be sexy. I know I know I'm sick and fucked up, but that is why this is freewriting session in journal so nobody read of the words I know see right. God I hate Jesus Dammit God fucking shit christ ass dumb monkey fucker ass cock butter in scooped out dick cheese. That is the worst swear word ever - nah actually not until I add one other word in, which I have no doubt would make it the worst swear word ever told n somebody would kilil me on a cross with a spear. This is a spear. AHHHHH
-
- # To Do Today {{renderer :todomaster}}
	- ## TODO Data Structures and Algorithms
	- ## TODO System Design
	- ## TODO Coding Projects
	- ## TODO Software Design
	- ## TODO Create Contents
-
- # [[Resources, Readings, and Links]]
-
- # Pomodoro Planner {{renderer :todomaster}}
- #habit
	- #focus-sessions
		- # TODO {{renderer :pomodoro_iptzh,25,1744771242114}} Focus Session One
			- ## TODO Learning
-