# Tuesday - April 1st, 2025
- #habit
	- #freewriting
		- ## {{renderer :pomodoro_sszjj,10,1743486428381}} 10-Minute Freewriting Session
			- Truly going to start this day out right, and going to do that for every month from now on. This freewriting session is the most important thing I will do all day. The reasons? One, because it means I am sticking to my habit of doing this every day. Two, I am clearing all the bull shit out of my head so I can focus on what's important. Three, I might just be writing a great piece of content for the day right now. Four, It makes me practice getting words down without stopping which is great for all writers. And finally five, I get really creative during this time without any restraints which is wonderful for creativity and flow. I have written some really ridiculous shit during these freewrites - things nobody will ever see hopefully, but even if they did I would not care about their judgments. It is not for them, it is only for me. And it is a stream of consciousness - subsconscious to be exact - it's fucked up to judge somebody's conscious thinking and in fact, it's a major invasion of privacy and that person to invade their subconscious space. I won't necessarily be mad if somebody reads these sessions, but I will be mad if they judge me after reading them. Would you want me crawling up inside of your head and reading all your thoughts and then being like, "HAH! YOUR SO GAY DUDE! I KNEW IT - YOU LOVE READING HARRY POTTER!! AAAHHAHAHAHAHAH!!!! AND YOU DAY DREAMING ABOUT SUCKING SOME DUDE"S DICK? WTF BRO?". Yeah that would suck huh? Because our subconscious does a lot of weird shit. That is why our prefrontal cortex is so important for making sure we don't do embarrassing things or dangerous things. A lot of times it's being like, "Whoa, ok now do we run from this threat? or do we fight the screaming lady?" If your a girl and you run, all the other girls might be thinking your an easy target to pick on, so you shouldn't have flighted, but instead should've fighted. If your a man, it'd be bad if you punched her, but not if she had a fucking knife! If you just listened to your thoughts like a reptile did you'd probably be dead pretty quick. Yay prefrontal neocortex! We love you! Oh and thank you subconscious for being crazy and driving me nuts a lot. You are the funnest part of my brain, no matter how confusing and out there you are. Could you maybe like tone it down on the dreams a bit though? They're kind of intense and crazy - it'd be nice if I could have like a dream where I'm somewhere nice being happy and chillin.
-
- # To Do Today {{renderer :todomaster}}
	- ## TODO Open Source Contributions
		- TODO Read advice on doing it
		- TODO Check out easy to contribute to projects & interesting projects
		- TODO At least one on GitHub and one on GitLab
	- ## TODO Publish Digital Garden
		- TODO Finish site
		- TODO Add basic content
		- TODO Add donation page
	- ## TODO Geaux Code Blog Post
	- ## TODO [[WeisMind Newsletter Issue One - Welcome to WeisMind]]
	- ## TODO Hackathon Research
	- ## TODO Finish Zines
	- ## TODO Learning
		- ## TODO [[Data Structures and Algorithms]]
		- ## TODO [[System Design]]
		- ## TODO [[Machine Learning and AI]]
-
- # [[Resources, Readings, and Links]]