# Wednesday - March 11th, 2025 - Sprint 17W1D3
	- #habit
		- #freewriting
			- ## 10-Minute Freewriting Session {{renderer :pomodoro_tqmwv,10,1741791737169}}
				- Well here we are - the day after getting fucked out of a whole good day of work. It's frustrating and irritating that this situation is what it is right now. Spent the whole day worrying about getting over to Slim's to help him get ready for his appraisal and it fucked us over sideways. I don't feel good, we missed the clinic, and I missed an entire day of work which was very important to not miss. I am basically out of what I need for my ADHD and a whole day is gone that I can't get back. He just has no concept of other people's needs really and I'm just really pissed off today. I need to snap out of it because I have shit to do really. So today I need to finish that portfolio site and get some content created. Don't have time to fuck around with that and I need to get my resume updated and sent to all the people who've been waiting on me. This shit is really hard and I'm getting worn down by trying to figure things out. Slim really has not been helping since he's been inserted back into our life essentially. I guess I'll do what I can with today and try to get caught back up after missing the day. I hope Lisa makes enough money to see Angie who hopefully has the stuff that I need to keep going. Today I'm going to get rolling on the job search pretty heavily. I can't do this thunderstorm shit that is gonna be coming up and so I need to get a job and gets us up and out of here. I need to launch my digital garden, update my resume, finish my portfolio, and get some content rolling for real. I've not made a whole lot of progress over time on anything in the grand scheme of things and that ends today. I gotta kind of plan the day today while doing this freewriting session because I do gotta get going.
-
- # To Do Today {{renderer :todomaster}}
	- ## DONE Finish Portfolio Site
	- ## DONE Setup digital garden
	- ## DONE Update Resume
	- ## DONE Apply for jobs
	- ## DONE Create Content
	- ## DONE Learning
		- DONE [[Data Structures and Algorithms]]
		- DONE [[System Design]]
		- DONE [[Machine Learning and AI]]
-
- # [[Resources, Readings, and Links]]
-
- # Pomodoro Planner {{renderer :todomaster}}
	- #habit
		- #focus-sessions
			- # DONE {{renderer :pomodoro_dvovh,90,1741793542460}} Focus Session One
				- ## DONE Finish Portfolio
				- ## DONE Touch Up Resume
	- #habit
		- #focus-sessions
			- # DONE {{renderer :pomodoro_qyclt,90,1741800905144}} Focus Session Two
	- #habit
		- #focus-sessions
			- # DONE {{renderer :pomodoro_nnprw,90,1741879179308}} Focus Session Three
	- #habit
		- #focus-sessions
			- # DONE {{renderer :pomodoro_ktdew,90,1741879178497}} Focus Session Four