# Wednesday - April 2nd, 2025
- #habit
	- #freewriting
		- ## {{renderer :pomodoro_upkzh,10,1743601927029}} 10-Minute Freewriting Session
			- I'm just really depressed and over it all. I'm beat down and nothing ever goes right. First it was my taxes getting withheld. Then it's Lisa getting all in her bullshit and taking it out on me. Then it's having TWO FUCKING PARLAYS MISS BECAUSE TWO PLAYERS COULDN"T MAKE ONE MORE FUCKING THREE. It's like one thing if something just goes wrong every once in a while or even a lot, but it's another when nothing ever goes fucking right. You work and work and work your ass off and it means absolutely fucking nothing. Nobody cares, nobody wants to do shit to make it easier, and it's finally gotten so bad that I'm considering options to find a way out. Nothing is ever changing - no matter how hard I try or what I do, nothing changes. I am way to skilled and smart to be stuck like this and I am doing everything in my fucking power to change shit, but nothing changes. Not Lisa, not life, not fucking anything. Forget when it rains it pours, more like it's a fucking storm cloud over my head that dumps shit on me forever. Over two and half years stuck and fixated on how to make something different - it doesn't fucking matter how much code I write, how many books I read, how many things I build - it stays the fucking same. Thousands of dollars of parlays have shit down the drain because of fucking people can't score like a couple fucking points - that's all I need is a little bit of a fucking chance and nobody will ever give me one. At this point, it's starting to come down to two choices - one involves sticking through this shit and being miserable until they scoop me up for the front lines of some bullshit war or go that Venezuelan prison. I'm not doing that so it's looking like I have one choice and I need to nut up to be able to do that. Grow a fucking sack and just get it over with and stop being so melodramatic about something that will only take a minute or two to get over with. The way Lisa has been has only made the decision easier and more clear. I mean I can't even fucking shower anymore like what the fuck is this kind of cruelty and why the fuck is my life so abundant of misery and suffering. I wish I had a gun to make it all the fucking easier to do. I don't know, I feel like soon it's going have to come down to using a goddamn rope. I'll feel bad what it's going to do to people who care for me, but nobody is willing to help me with getting basic necessities, not even Lisa. So I dunno, apathy is winning.
-
- # To Do Today {{renderer :todomaster}}
	- ## TODO [[Beej's Guide to C Programming]]
	- ## TODO Digital Garden Deployment
	- ## TODO Theme Garden
	- ## DONE Learning
	- ## TODO [[Build Your Own X]]
	- ## DONE Supabase Job App
	- ## DONE [[Open Source Contributions]]
-
- # [[Resources, Readings, and Links]]
-
- # Pomodoro Planner {{renderer :todomaster}}
- #habit
	- #focus-sessions
		- # DONE {{renderer :pomodoro_jahhf,60,1743604446724}} Focus Session One
			- ## DONE Digital Garden
			- ## DONE [[Build Your Own X]]
- #habit
	- #focus-sessions
		- # DONE {{renderer :pomodoro_udaws,60,1743608267997}} Focus Session Two
			- ## DONE Content
- #habit
	- #focus-sessions
		- # DONE {{renderer :pomodoro_axhko,90,1743630062678}} Focus Session Three
			- ## DONE Content
			- ## DONE Learning
				- ### DONE [[Data Structures and Algorithms]]
				- ### DONE [[Beej's Guide to C Programming]]
				- ### DONE [[Build Your Own X]]
				- ### DONE [[Software Design by Example JavaScript]]
- #habit
	- #focus-sessions
		- # TODO {{renderer :pomodoro_cdnxt,60,1743647857383}} Focus Session Four
			- ## TODO Learning
			- ## TODO Content
				- TODO [[WeisMind Newsletter]]
				- TODO [[Geaux Code]]
-
- # Notes
-