# Wednesday - March 26th, 2025
	- ## {{renderer :pomodoro_uncmz,10,1743007696074}} 10-Minute Freewriting Session
		- So I'm finally back here doing my 10 minute freewriting session again. I think it is fair to say that this is where things could have gone fatally wrong in terms of my production during sprint 17. It sucks because sprint 16 was so great - so fucking great, and sprint 17 comes along and I slowly notice me drifting further and further away from what I should be doing. There are a few reasons outside of not doing my 10 minute freewriting session for sure, but that is a noticeable factor that I can quickly attribute to the decline in getting things done, sticking to my daily plan, etc. It is kind of crazy how such a simple practice as putting words down can have such a considerable impact on how you productive you are for any given day. In this specific instance, I think you see the deterioration as I allow myself simple luxuries of excuse to justify why I don't need to write for 10 minutes, which then of course becomes, "Well why can't I just play about 15 games of Field Goal Kick on the phone and then start my day?" You want to know why? Because you have ADHD you numbfuck - you have to get busy on things right away, in a certain way, or your attention goes by the wayside and eventually drifts off into space, where it can never be recollected again. At least until the next day, but then you have to fight through that mental justification of "well maybe I can just..." - NO, YOU CANNOT! Discipline is the key to success in a lot of ways. Self-discipline that is - not like by getting spanked or something (although if it were Lisa spanking me, I might allow that), but rather sticking to a way of doing things that is not necessarily easy to do. It is not easy for somebody with ADHD to sit here and type for 10 minutes - I know that may sound ridiculous, but it is true. I don't get an instant reward out of it that directs my attention and energy. There may not be any reward I feel at all other than just seeing it checked off a list or knowing I got it done, which doesn't seem like anything in the moment, but over time, it is noticeable by things like me getting every task on my to do list done, or having a full-month of green check marks in my habit tracker, or very macro-oriented, getting that developer job I've been trying to get for the last four fucking years. So yes Andrew, this fucking stupid little exercise does matter a whole lot and it cannot be neglected ever again you naughty boy. Think about what you've done and never do it again or else you will die and your body will be desecrated by venomous snakes and possums. I know that sounds terrible, so don't allow it to happen or you will really regret it - even after death, which is the ultimate worse kind of punishment  you could ever endure - eternal!
-
- # To Do Today {{renderer :todomaster}}
	- ## TODO Work on Content
	- ## TODO Work on [[WeisMind Website]]
	- ## TODO Learning
		- TODO [[Data Structures and Algorithms]]
		- TODO [[System Design]]
		-