# Friday - March 21st, 2025
- ## {{renderer :pomodoro_qkfcl,10,1742566191749}}  10-Minute Freewriting Session
	- My 10-Minute freewriting session was done elsewhere today, so I am just writing my summary and one o'clock bus ride break check in journal entry. I'm going to get my first issue of the WeisMind Newsletter out today and I'm excited to finally get started with that project. I'm not going to make this first issue too much of an introduction about me or my story, just a quick intro to WeisMind and why people should read it. It obviously needs some good editing but anything will do at this point to get things going finally. I also need to design the website for my zines, journal entries, notes, and yada-yada whatever I want for that project. Some cool things happening today. UNC plays at some time - I'll look in a bit and throw it on my to-do list but I obviously want them to beat Ole Miss. Going to get a parlay or two in as well. Gots to do better today. Going to make some Beer-CSS templates too so I can sell my ecommerce one and then have another one for Astro's website to get my name out there. I also need to reread that quick open source 15 minute contribution article and I need to start making 5 contributions a day, 5 leet-code/rosetta stones a day, and add flashcards.
- ## To Do Today {{renderer :todomaster}}
	- ## TODO [[Data Structures and Algorithms]] Learning
	- ## TODO [[System Design]] Learning
	- ## TODO Portfolio site
		- TODO Update colors on andrewweisbeck.com
	- TODO Tar Heel Dev Studio
	- TODO WeisMind
		- TODO [[WeisMind Newsletter Issue One - Welcome to WeisMind]]
- # [[Resources, Readings, and Links]]
- # Pomodoro Planner {{renderer :todomaster}}
	- ## TODO {{renderer :pomodoro_jtkwv,90}}  Focus Session One
		- ## TODO [[Theme Garden]]
			- ### TODO Create a Beer-CSS Astro Theme
			- ### TODO Create a Beer-CSS Next.js E-Commerce Theme
	- # TODO {{renderer :pomodoro_ssilb,90}} Focus Session Two
		- ## TODO Plan
	- # TODO {{renderer :pomodoro_izqou,90}} Focus Session Three
		- ## TODO Plan
	- # TODO {{renderer :pomodoro_ghhgx,90}} Focus Session Four
		- ## TODO Plan
- # Notes
	- ## [[Data Structures and Algorithms]]
	- ## [[Linear Algebra]]
	- ## [[micro.blog]]