# Sunday - March 9th, 2025
	- ## 10-Minute Freewriting Session {{renderer :pomodoro_bbrez,10,1741534550118}}
		- Well I could have definitely gotten up to work much earlier today, but I had sex so it's all ok :) I JUST HAD SEEEEXXX, AND IT FELT SO GOOD! Hell yeah baby - whoooo! Get some dawg! That's whats up dude - you are a ballin ass pimp with a candy car. Yeah I definitely need this freewriting session though, that's for fucking sure. I gotta switch lanes and get real focused dawg - the game is on the line today. Fourth and 28 and gotta convert with my third string quarterback - whatever the fuck that means. I still gotta get my portfolio done - spent way too much time fucking around with the stupid fucking CSS yesterday - fuck CSS stupid ass shit. Well anyways, today will be good and interesting. I need to tailor my resume to a couple jobs, finish my real portfolio, study DSA, system design, and ML + AI. I think it should be a pretty bitchin, successful day ya know. I mean there's a lot I have to do so at least I won't get bored. I really need to make sure that I have some solid projects and that everything is touched up on em for my portfolio. Got some house cleaning stuff to do I suppose. Need to make a plan for the content as well. It'll all be good. I'm glad that I got this fucking computer though y'all - this shit fucking slaps when it comes to code. I gotta get some food though - I am fucking starving. All I fucking at the entire day yesterday was a cup of noodles. I'm really fucking starving yo. Well Sprint 17 is coming up tomorrow and it will be a new start and attempt at being more successful. I gotta say - honestly, sprint 16 was one of the more successful sprints in terms of where I was at when Sprint 15 started and where I am at today. When I look back at this sprint, I think there is a lot to really be happy about. Got back on track with coding, got my laptop, got Lisa a phone. Hopefully I'll have a job soon too. I really got to start celebrating the small wins because they do matter. Especially the way things go around here ya know. Ok, I am going to pause a tad bit early today and get started on my stuff. I also got to go down to Garrett Rd with Lisa, so ttyls.
-
- # To Do Today {{renderer :todomaster}}
	- ## DONE Finish Portfolio Site
	- ## DONE Update resume and apply for jobs
	- ## DONE Study and Learn
		- ### DONE [[Data Structures and Algorithms]] #dsa #data-structures #algorithms
		- ### DONE [[System Design]] #system-design
		- ### DONE [[Machine Learning and AI]] #machine-learning
	- ## DONE Digital Garden Project
	- ## DONE Sprint Retrospective and Looking Ahead
	- ## DONE Sports Bets
	- ## DONE Set up Logseq and Obsidian
		- DONE Create Logseq Templates #templates
-
- # [[Resources, Readings, and Links]]
-
- # Pomodoro Planner {{renderer :todomaster}}
	- # DONE {{renderer :pomodoro_kchkk,80,1741536576755}} Focus Session One
		- ## DONE [[Andrew's Portfolio Website]] #project #portfolio
		- ## DONE Set up Logseq Digital Garden - Notes Catalog
	- # DONE {{renderer :pomodoro_dhfn,60,1741543097223}} Focus Session Two
		- ## DONE [[Andrew's Portfolio Website]] #project #portfolio
		  DEADLINE: <2025-03-09 Sun 19:59>
			- ### DONE Stories to be done
				- Stories (Need to be created)
					- DONE Finish home page
					- DONE Create featured blog post component
					- DONE Simple About Page for now
					- DONE Create a blog page
					- DONE Create a portfolio page
					- DONE Create a contact page
					- DONE Create a donate and shop page
					- DONE Create a links/resources page
					- DONE Finish v0.0.1/v1.0.0
					- DONE Touch up on projects
					- DONE Resume and Job applications
	- # DONE {{renderer :pomodoro_rbskc,90}} Focus Session Three
		- ## DONE Learning and Studying Stuff
			- DONE [[Data Structures and Algorithms]]#dsa#data-structures#algorithms
			- DONE [[System Design]]#system-design
			- DONE [[Machine Learning and AI]]#machine-learning
	- # DONE {{renderer :pomodoro_byoyy,90}} Focus Session Four
		- ## DONE Create Content
-
- # Notes
	- ## [[Logseq Notes]]/ [[Logseq Notes Home Page]]
		- ### [[Logseq Features]]/
			- #### [[Logseq Basic Features]]
				- [[Logseq Page Properties]]
				-
	- [[templates]]
		- [[Project Home Template]] #project-template
		- [[Style Guide Template]] #style-guide
	-
	-
-