# Wednesday - March 5th, 2025
	- ## 10-Minute Freewriting Session {{renderer :pomodoro_ucjio,10,1741192904576}}
		- Well holy shit, I can finally get started with my daily freewriting session after spending the morning attempting to get this shit started. I did a pretty good fucking job if I must say so myself. Especially for not having my medication and being exhausted. This shit just really sucks to be honest. I'd love for me to get my head out of my ass and get this shit done like a normal person would, but I can barely keep my eyes open. A couple reasons for that an I can't say one of those reasons is because I had a peachy night of sleep. Nope, sure can't. It is cool I have a laptop once again though because I can now work on the go. It fucking sucks I don't have my Macbook anymore. There's a lot of shit that sucks in life, but I guess that's life. They might as well call life "fucking sucks" instead of life. Because everything that happens all the time fucking sucks and that's why life is so hard. To prove my point, let's take a look at my morning. I wake up on the floor of my shitty, downtrodden tent, with all it's collapsing walls and tarp that keeps the water off of us where we sleep. It sucks sleeping in a ten, and it is not very clean if you can believe that. I wake up in the morning and my back feels like somebody bent me over and somehow fucked my back. Yesterday when Lisa and I came back to our shitty tent, a stupid fucking mouse was on the floor all like, "DEEEEERRRRRPPPP! I DEAD!" and I knew our kitty Bean had killed it and dropped it on the goddamn fucking floor. I was just all like "GAWD DAMMIT - FUCKIN A BLOODY 'ELL BEAN! KEEP YOUR GODDAMNED STINKY MOUSIES OUTSIDE YOU CRAZY ASSHOLE CAT FUCK FACE DIPSHIT!" Then I had to pick up the dead and fucking stinky mouse with a napkin cause Bean was all like, "Oh shit - I run away!" and escaped to the woods. That is how life fucking sucks - it does this kind of shit on a daily basis. This was all after getting ripped off in a business transaction -> that rolled over into missing a bunch of fucking parlays.
-
- # To Do Today {{renderer :todomaster}}
	- ## DONE Finish Setting up Lenovo ThinkPad
	- ## DONE Plan out rest of week #sprint-16
	- ## DONE Work on Portfolio Website #portfolio
	- ## DONE Create digital garden website #digital-garden
	- ## DONE Learn, study, and practice
		- DONE [[Data Structures and Algorithms]] #dsa #data-structures #algorithms #computer-science
		- DONE [[System Design]] #architecture #software #system-design #computer-science
		- DONE [[Machine Learning and AI]] #machine-learning #ai #neural-networks #computer-science
	- ## DONE Work on ecommerce store
	- ## DONE Create content #content-calendar
	- ## DONE Morning geaux-flow #geaux-flow
-
- # [[Resources, Readings, and Links]]
-
- # Notes
	- [[Vim Tricks]]
	- [[WSL Docs - Windows]] #wsl #linux
-
- # Projects
-