# Saturday - April 5th, 2025
- #habit
	- #freewriting
		- ## {{renderer :pomodoro_fbdgo,10,1743858994363}} 10-Minute Freewriting
			- I am writing I am writing. Today is a beautiful morning. Well, besides the pollen it is a beautiful morning. We also made it to the clinic on time on a Saturday which is wonderful. I am writing writing writing. I need to get that writing done for my newsletter and Geaux Code - in fact, that is going to be the first order of business in today's chapter meeting of procrastination n masturbation of the minds local chapter. Great music at Panera - it's the good part of their playlist. I need headphones so I can start listening to Saturday morning bluegrass again, the Mountain Stage radio. I also am going to win this fucking parlay today - I've missed 6 parlays now by one player, by a couple points. Had it gone the other way, I would have like $25,000. That is hard to think about when you have no money and things suck, but the flip side of that is that there is a winner coming and its coming very soon. I am going to win today, I am going to win today, I am going to win today. I need to start a sports gambling/stats analysis blog though for sure. That would be coolio dawg. Research kicking off in 5, 4, 3, 2, 1... whistle blows - "We have a penalty on the homeless person - too close to success. That is an automatic bet disqualification, replay your parlay." That is what I think is going on. Or some fucking shitty angel is flying up to the players and being like "Miss it, miss it" and they miss the shot, roll their ankle, and miss the rest of the game. Or the coaches are gathering each week and being like, "So Andrew is going to almost hit this parlay, this time let him get one point within and pull the fucker out of the game. God damn this is so funny fucking with this homeless dude." I mean what else could it possibly fucking be? Huh? It's gotta be a conspiracy against me.
-
- # To Do List {{renderer :todomaster}}
	- ## TODO WeisGear Outdoor Adventure Store
	- ## TODO [[WeisMind Newsletter Issue One - Welcome to WeisMind]]
	- ## TODO [[Geaux Code]]
	- ## TODO Deploy digital garden
	- ## TODO Digital Products
	- ## TODO Learning
		- TODO DSA
		- TODO System Design
		- TODO Machine Learning and AI
-
- # [[Resources, Readings, and Links]]
	- https://github.com/adap/flower
-
- # Pomodoro Planner {{renderer :todomaster}}
- #habit
	- #focus-sessions
		- # DONE {{renderer :pomodoro_pbhmz,90,1743859808580}} Focus Session One
			- ## DONE Planning Zines and Morning Flow
				- #habit
					- #daily-reading
						- DONE Read for 1 Hour
- #habit
	- #focus-sessions
		- # TODO {{renderer :pomodoro_ikqjs,90,1743865609098}} Focus Session Two
			- ## TODO Content
				- ## TODO [[WeisMind Newsletter Issue One - Welcome to WeisMind]] Finish Issue
			- ## TODO Digital Products
				- ### TODO Work on Zines
- #habit
	- #focus-sessions
		- # TODO {{renderer :pomodoro_drdco,60,1743880337511}} Focus Session Three
			- ## TODO Digital Products
				- ### TODO Work on Zines
-
- # Notes
	- ## [[IPFS - Interplanetary File System]]
	- [[Area 51]]
-
- # Open Source Contribution Ideas
	- ## [Django Wagtail](https://docs.wagtail.org/en/stable/contributing/index.html)
		- This would be a great project to contribute to and learn from
	- ## [cookiecutter Django](https://github.com/cookiecutter/cookiecutter-django)
		- A good project idea but a good contribution repo
	- ## GitLab
		- Get back with the contribution team like I was already doing
-
- # Open Source Contributions
-
-
- # Songs
	- Bird Has Flown