# Thursday - March 27th, 2025 (Sprint18W1D4)
	- #habit
		- #freewriting
			- ## {{renderer :pomodoro_itjkr,10,1743074261700}} 10-Minute Freewriting Session
				- Well here we are again, back at it, working for a better life and to get off the fuckin street y'all. Today is going to be a jampacked day full of fun, games, and presents. If you think sitting here and thinking about how hard it sucks, then yeah, fun games, and presents. Just fucking kidding y'all jesus h fucking christ. Ok trying to get the gibber-goo-gobly-fucks out of my head so I can get focused on the important shit and start mother fucking working. These fucking nimbatted diphole shitfake fucks. Ooh ahh eeeh I gotta pee, in the v, so she, can see, I am me. Wow my vocal chords are not ready for today I can tell, we are all going to hell, now ring the bell, cause I can tell. Haiku, is a thing for you. How many numskulls does a numskull take to be a fuck wit numskull skull fuck wit? Jimminy Christ, the poor man's Christmas, got a stolen bike just come and arrest us, Dad beat him twice, four times, six yes, daddy's a good drunk, fired on christmas. Ok today's freewriting is the best freewriting session I ever had. It's got lyrics of a mad sailor trying to rap over a biggie track, mixed with Tupac and remixed by the Grateful Dead. Is the Grateful Dead grateful to be dead or do they wish they were still alive? I'm going to be grateful to die and end this nightmare we call life - it is merely a disappointing blip in history - our existence that is. The only way to beat this disease called existence is to use hard drugs, a lot. If you can't do that, then oh well - have fun! Most of you won't and I will. And you say - how can you enjoy life if you are grateful to die? You called life a disease! Yes, because people like you exist and I can't wait to escape coexisting with each other. I'm grateful to die because I don't have to deal with you anymore - I really love life. That tells you how much you suck. Could you imagine how much somebody has to suck for you to be grateful to die when you love your life? That's most people actually - so think about that. Think about it long and hard before you make your next move. For most people, the best option is suicide. Others, you can just shut the fuck up. Thatll do just fine.
-
- # To Do Today {{renderer :todomaster}}
	- ## DONE Morning Flow
	- ## TODO Figma Course
	- ## TODO [[WeisMind Creative]]
		- TODO [[WeisMind Website]]
	- ## TODO Content Creation
		- TODO [[WeisMind Newsletter]]
		- TODO [[Geaux Code]]
		- TODO [[Dev.to]]
	- ## TODO Ecommerce Store
	- ## TODO Learning
		- TODO [[Data Structures and Algorithms]]
		- TODO [[System Design]]
		- TODO [[Machine Learning and AI]]
-
- # [[Resources, Readings, and Links]]
-
- # Pomodoro Planner {{renderer :todomaster}}
	-