# Saturday - March 15th, 2025
	- #habit
		- #freewriting
			- ## 10-Minute Freewriting Session {{renderer :pomodoro_hwhek,10,1742074040515}}
				- Getting this freewriting session started a little late today because I needed to get started on working on my template stuff. I successfully sold my first template through Creative Market yesterday and that has only motivated me to work on some other stuff that might make some money. The next needs to be getting to work on my Substack newsletter WeisMind. That is the next move while I wait for Angie to come by. Tired today, plus we also missed the clinic which always sucks. But I will survive and be stronger because of it, hopefully. It sucks that we are in such a desperate position for survival, but hey ya gotta do what ya can to get by. I think the next big thing will be getting a couple of these projects fully completed while working on some money making stuff. I need to get my portfolio site done, start writing, and go from there. I need to create content for all three of my blogs and newsletter, so that is what I will do right now.
-
- # To Do Today {{renderer :todomaster}}
	- ## DONE Digital Garden Template
		- DONE Finish base version
		- DONE Code Site
		- DONE Create design system/style guide
	- ## DONE Publish WeisMind Newsletter
	- ## DONE Write other content
	- ## DONE Apply for Jobs
	- ## DONE Learning
		- DONE Data Structures and Algorithms
		- DONE System Design
		- DONE ML and AI
-
- # [[Resources, Readings, and Links]]
-
- # Pomodoro Journal {{renderer :todomaster}}
	- #habit
		- #focus-sessions
			- # DONE {{renderer :pomodoro_nhpkd,55,1742074346601}} Focus Session One
				- ## DONE Finish WeisMind Newsletter
	- #habit
		- #focus-sessions
			- # DONE {{renderer :pomodoro_wbbgp,55,1743073694230}} Focus Session Two
				- ## DONE Other Content and Learning
-
- # Notes
	- [[WeisMind Newsletter Issue One - Welcome to WeisMind]]
	-