# Sunday - April 13th, 2025
- #habit
	- #freewriting
		- ## {{renderer :pomodoro_jvxtp,10,1744566004890}} 10-Minute Freewriting Session
			- Today feels like another blip in the timeline where I woke up and have to be here. I'd rather not be - it all seems futile and a fucking dance and jerk session to make people believe I'm doing ok. I'm really not - I've been trying to get a sense of normalcy for two and half fucking years and that's just not gonna happen from what I can tell. I guess a simple nice way to go out would be in the woods instead of a super max torture facility in El Salvador. Even if we do figure shit out, the world's fucked. Not a lot we can do now that we gave the reigns over to a psychotic fascist dictator who is going to make our lives hell. I'd rather not. I don't even know why I'm up and trying to do it today, but here I am anyways. I don't know what to do, where to start, or why I should even do it. It's all maddening and depressing when you've been trying to do this for so long and it just goes nowhere, you get yelled at for "being a piece of shit", and everybody treats you with disgust because you live outside. I long for the simpler times of life when I merely had to worry about my social life and not about how the fuck to eat, avoid sickness, or even how to manage getting treated like shit all the time. How my life became such a fuckhole of shit and misery, I can't say for certain, but I do know I don't think this is how it's supposed to go when you try hard to do what your "supposed to" and do the things that are supposed to make life easier. Life's never easy, but I didn't know that it was supposed to suck this much. Very little happiness have ever actually came my way and I've never tasted the fruits of success in the way of security and a sense of peace. I've always been at war with life and with myself in a tiring uphill battle that has taken everything away and made it get to an impossible breaking point where I'm now seeing that there is a choice - a choice to take a better out or continue on this path of misery and degradation that I guess I must have been destined for. Maybe it's my Native roots - I don't know. I just know that my road has been a very hard, if not impossible one to navigate and overcome. I feel like I'm a smart guy, but maybe I'm not if I can't figure out how to live with any bit of security or happiness. I tried being happy where I'm at, but that has failed too I'm afraid. I know this is one of my more depressing freewrites, but this is where I'm at after all this time of hard work, dedication, and hope. It's a crumbled pile of failure and depression right where it should be.
-
- # To Do Today {{renderer :todomaster}}
	- ## DONE [[WeisGear Outdoor Adventure Co]]
	- ## DONE Deploy Digital Garden
	- ## DONE Content
		- DONE [[Geaux Code]] Blog Post
	- ## DONE Learning
-
- # [[Resources, Readings, and Links]]
-
- # Pomodoro Planner {{renderer :todomaster}}
- #habit
	- #focus-sessions
		- # DONE {{renderer :pomodoro_yocnh,90,1744567021529}} Focus Session One
			- ## DONE Learning
- #habit
	- #focus-sessions
		- # DONE {{renderer :pomodoro_cmiqr,90,1744574117439}} Focus Session Two
			- ## DONE [[WeisGear Outdoor Adventure Co]]
			- ## DONE Deploy Digital Garden
			- ## DONE [[Geaux Code]] Blog Post
-
- # Songs
	- Neveender - Justice & Tame Impala
-
- # Notes
	- [[Go Lang Fundamentals]]
	-