# Friday - March 28th, 2025
	- #habit
		- #freewriting
			- ## {{renderer :pomodoro_gpcgl,10,1743179536681}} 10-Minute Freewriting Session
				- Ten minutes, ten minutes what you gonna write. Got 10 minutes its gonna bite. Write about a pencil, write about a hat. Write about bean-bong, your mousie murderin cat. Oh, how silly, this sessions gonna be. I'll be all embarrassed till I gotta pee. Oh that warm web substance, runnin down my leg. "Stop laughin at me!" I'll soon have to beg. Your supposed to laugh at my story not laugh at me. But oh your story's funny oh can't you see? You never pissed your pants out in your real life. But in this stupid story I just cut you with a knife. Ah what the fuck,  and you go a stab-a-stab. Stab-a-stabie-stab-stab STAB-STAB-STAB. DIE YOU LOSER WRITER, WE HATE WHAT YOU WRITE. THAT'S WHY WERE ALL STABBIN YOU WITH ALL OUR FUCKIN MIGHT. As I lay here dyin, I know where I went wrong. I told you you can do whatever in this stupid song. Nothing has more power, than your imagination. Donald Trump stole yours and then he stole our nation. Change what you listen to, and everything you hear. A fascist in the White House, oh the end is near. the last thing that I'll say to you, is hold on to your nuts. Because fascism is gonna beat in all our guts. So this is the end, now I say goodbye. The light is coming to me, now it's time to die.
-
- # To Do Today {{renderer :todomaster}}
	- ## DONE Digital Garden
	- ## DONE [[WeisMind Creative]]
		- DONE [[WeisMind Newsletter]]
		- DONE [[WeisMind Website]]
	- ## DONE Geaux Code Blog
	- ## DONE Parlays
	- ## DONE Learning
		- TODO [[Data Structures and Algorithms]]
		- TODO [[System Design]]
		- TODO [[Machine Learning and AI]]
-
- # [[Resources, Readings, and Links]]
-
- # Pomodoro Planner {{renderer :todomaster}}
	- #habit
		- #focus-sessions
			- # DONE {{renderer :pomodoro_wsdao,89,1743179432757}} Focus Session One
				- ## DONE Plan Day
				- ## DONE Digital Garden
				- ## DONE Learning
	- #habit
		- #focus-sessions
			- # DONE {{renderer :pomodoro_tjxgu,90}} Focus Session Two