# Sunday - March 30th, 2025
	- #habit
		- #freewriting
			- ## {{renderer :pomodoro_llpcg,10,1743339616700}} 10-Minute Freewriting Session
				- Welcome to the 10-minute freewriting session, my name is Andrew and I will be your writer today. I would like to explore the theme of saying things today. We all say things. Some things we say are smart, but most are stupid. That is because most of us are really stupid. I'm talking about Americans in the collective sense, sorry rest of the world, I didn't mean to make a broad judgment on humanity... well never mind, we are all stupid. I was thinking like, "Ok let's think about who's not stupid...". I thought about the Middle East - they all blow each other up over which sect of Islam is more hardcore. Practically a religion-based gang war. And the Jewish State of Israel - they are pretty smart except the fact that they brought a fascist state in who is committing genocide on Palestinians - kinda ironic don't you think? Let's more a little North East and we'll just say Russia is an aged version of the US. China - smart but they have allowed Asian Trump to take over their country. We know about North Korea, but South Korea? That's tough... we'll say they're the one smart nation so far, well actually we'll put Japan in there too. I like Japan, even after what they did in World War II. So the rest of Europe - let's start with England. Boris Johnson immediately makes you stupid. Switzerland, Norway, and Finland are all pretty smart but I feel like there is a lot of right wing momentum there and they would be ideal Arians, so they lose by my prediction they will become like everyone else. Actually, you know what? This was a pointless exercise because it doesn't really matter. Authoritarians are taking over everywhere and our world is fucked. We're going to nuke each other, blow a hole in the ozone and all burn to death, or simply just all get slaughtered like cattle in concentration camps so - humans are stupid. That is it - we are all fucking dumbass monkeys who think God created all this just for us. Fuck we're retarded. I hate we're going to ruin it for all the other beautiful species because of oil. **sigh**
-
- # To Do Today {{renderer :todomaster}}
	- ## TODO [[Open Source Contributions]]
		- TODO Find Projects
		- TODO Find where I can help
	- ## TODO [[GeauxWeis.mind - Digital Garden of Andrew Weisbeck]]
		- TODO Publish and Share
		- TODO Add content
	- ## TODO [[WeisMind Creative]]
		- TODO [[WeisMind Newsletter Issue One - Welcome to WeisMind]]
		- TODO [[WeisMind Website]]
	- ## TODO Learning
		- ## TODO [[Data Structures and Algorithms]]
		- ## TODO [[System Design]]
		- ## TODO [[Machine Learning and AI]]
		- ## TODO [[Linux From Scratch]]
		- ## TODO Learn and Practice C, Zig, Lua, Rust
		- ## TODO Powershell
	- ## TODO Software Design Learning
		- TODO [[Build Your Own X]]
-
- # [[Resources, Readings, and Links]]
	- https://orbiter.host/blog/howt-to-host-obsidian-on-ipfs
	- https://chromewebstore.google.com/detail/fomo-a-new-tab-dashboard/eggdogojmhlblnlenllkcfglobdkngon?pli=1
-
- # Pomodoro Planner {{renderer :todomaster}}
- #habit
	- #focus-sessions
		- # DONE {{renderer :pomodoro_xrewd,90,1743343201262}} Focus Session One
			- #habit
				- #daily-reading
					- ## DONE One Hour of Reading a Day
						- Read cracking creativity, took notes, and worked on some of the stuff in the book myself.
- #habit
	- #focus-sessions
		- # DONE {{renderer :pomodoro_lqxu,90,1743348725512}} Focus Session Two
			- ## DONE [[GeauxWeis.mind - Digital Garden of Andrew Weisbeck]] Publish and Share
			- ## DONE [[WeisMind Newsletter Issue One - Welcome to WeisMind]]
			- ## DONE Build Zine for WeisMind
			- ## DONE Zine for Rebel's Advocate
- #habit
	- #focus-sessions
		- # DONE {{renderer :pomodoro_quvfr,60,1743354342228}} Focus Session Three
			- ## DONE Learning
- #habit
	- #focus-sessions
		- # DONE {{renderer :pomodoro_plvcu,60,1743357962675}} Focus Session Four
			- ## DONE Learning
- #habit
	- #focus-sessions
		- # TODO {{renderer :pomodoro_iqehr,90,1743387215240}} Focus Session Five
			- ## TODO Work on Digital Garden
			- ## TODO Work on websites for Tar Heel Dev Studio
-
- # Notes