# Monday - March 10th, 2025 - Sprint17W1D1
	- ## 10-Minute Freewriting Session {{renderer :pomodoro_fygkv,10,1741617766785}}
		- It's the beginning of a new sprint, a new week, and a new day. I just said the same exact thing in Obsidian - repetitive mother fucker I tell ya. Well I can tell you my morning freewriting is actually paying off. I wrote a decent blog post for my portfolio last night in one sitting. This makes it so much easier to get words out on paper, which is half the problem for me. Now to figure out the other half - editing and publishing. I'll get there, I'm sure of it. This sprint is going to be better than 16 - I can feel it in my bones. I am getting off to a good start with a good plan while highly motivated. I am about to get a job because of all this work and effort. It will pay off - I'm not just telling myself that because it would be fucking nuts if it didn't pay off. These habits of mine are really making a difference. I think the greatest thing is I haven't been getting distracted with the normal shit like templates, trying out new tools, reading content, etc. I'm going to see a difference in my pockets before too long. This sprint is going to focused on getting the job (final steps) and creating content. I need to get my social media presence going, get my content workflow going, and start creating some cool shit that makes money. Still got plenty to learn - I mean, having shit to do aint the problem. It's prioritizing, following through on things that is the problem. Sprint 16 really addressed that. If anything is a retrospective on that sprint, these next five minutes are just that. This will be the sprint I continue to look back at and will be able to point to the exact date and time when things took a turn for the different and hopefully better. There weren't a shortage of problems to deal with either - that's for fucking sure. I just think that sprint really speaks out to my character and the grit that I have. I spent so many days half dope sick, running on half a night's sleep, if that. The fact I stuck through (even on the shitty days last week), stayed on my grind, and made it to the other side of all that has big implications. If anything it shows