tags:: weismind, newsletter

- title:: Issue One: Welcome to WeisMind
- description:: A newsletter to sharpen your mind with; a breath of fresh air to invigorate the neurons firing away in your skull; a guide to freedom in the only time or place that ever matters, right now.
-
- # Introduction
	- The time is 5:16 PM and there’s a 6 MPH wind that is adding a slight chill to this lovely 59-degree sprint day here in Durham, North Carolina. It is not quite a [blue bird](https://www.joe-kuhns.com/bluebird-days) type of day out, but there’s good enough visibility for the launch of this newsletter, finally.
	- You might find it ridiculous that a totally unknown writer dude is treating the launch of his obscure newsletter like it is the launch of a Space X rocket that is worth enough money to end homelessness in the United States. This is surely going to piss some people off, but I'd be willing to bet that Jesus Christ would be more impressed with what you are reading right now than he would be standing next to an egocentric billionaire shooting metal containers in to the sky, trying to prove to Jesus could probably be his father if he wanted him to.
		- The scary thing is I'm only partially kidding about that too. The Technocrat Oligarchy that is being created right before our eyes is much more than just an autocratic coup, it is the extension of a cultish belief system that there are Silicon Valley Overlords who shall rule over their non-biological children by forcing them to accept their new world order which is tightly controlled by the few who are the only ones capable of creating a "Utopian World", basically making them Gods by Default or whatever these fucking nerds think...
	- Now, I want to make it very clear I am not saying this newsletter is worthy of Jesus's approval or that it is the greatest piece of writing you have ever laid your eyes on - if it is that good, please subscribe to the expensive subscription and share it with everybody :). But I don't think Jesus would be impressed at all with a man who hoards billions of dollars to himself, spends it on Soviet scrap metal just so to have it explode in the sky and pollute "the heavens" (our atmosphere), and simultaneously gut every program created to help the poor, weak and suffering and call it cutting costs for efficiency, just so he can make room for tax cuts for him and his friends so they can steal whatever scraps that the poorest people in the world are so selfishly keeping to themselves by living off the billionaires hard earned dollars they had to pay taxes on - except they already don't pay taxes really so they are taking tax cuts on zero, which means they'll get tax returns from the government, I guess?
	- I knew Tesla is tanking balls, but I never realized billionaires were going so hungry that they're having to dip into the food stamps program that feed homeless and unemployed people - seriously, I worked at Walmart last year for a little while and was homeless and they cut that shit off IMMEDIATELY. But you can't let suffering poor people freeload off the government or it cuts into the billions of dollars in grants you use for your spaceship fireworks and spying satellites. Now, this is a story for another time, but maybe - just maybe, there is something to Tesla being extremely overvalued and leveraged, so so fucking bad, that the wheels might just come off the fucking place and send Elon freefalling into the abyss, ()like a ketamine comet or something) until all his assets and debt either disintegrate or get put back together by somebody bailing him out.
	- Don't you think Jesus would look at all that and be like, "YO, LIKE WHAT THE FUCK YALL! WHAT ARE YOU DOING IN MY NAME? STEALING FROM THE POOR?!?! I SAID TO LOVE THE WEAK AND POOR! NOT CURB STOMP THEIR FUCKING FREEDOM FOR THIS... THIS ORANGE - WHO THE FUCK IS HE? AND WHY DOES HE KEEP SAYING HE KNOWS ME? BRO, YOU HAVE NO IDEA WHO THE FUCK I AM SO PUT THAT BIBLE AWAY BECAUSE YOU LOOK REALLY STUPID. YOU PUT MY NAME ON THIS SHIT? 'The goal of Project 2025 is a Christian Nation..' YOU PUT MY NAME ON FASCISM? DON'T PULL THAT 'Sorry Jesus, we really love you and thought you'd like it" ON ME MOTHER FUCKERS. WHAT, DO I LOOK LIKE HITLER TO ALL OF YOU? DO I LOOK LIKE SOMEBODY WHO ORDERED THE SLAUGHTER OF THE PEOPLE WHO KILLED ME... oh wait I see how you could see that... BUT SERIOUSLY, LIKE I JUST CAN'T FORGIVE THIS, I MEAN MY DAD WON'T FORGIVE THIS. SHIT, DO YOU DUMB HILLBILLIES REALIZE I GOT TORTURED ON THAT STUPID CROSS FOR HOURS SO YOU WOULD THINK ABOUT LOVE AND KINDNESS - NOT STEAL FROM FUCKING POOR PEOPLE. OH FUCK, YEAH I CAN'T SAVE YAH - POPS JUST TEXTED AND SAID HE'S GONNA OPEN THE FLOOD GATES AGAIN. LATER Y'ALL!"
	- All jokes aside, it is incredible the sort of mental gymnastics that evangelical MAGA voters are capable of when it comes to confirming their own personal beliefs, biases, and fears. To them, the juxtaposition of Jesus and Donald Trump doesn't exist because in their reality, they are basically one in the same - kind of like, you know, a fucking cult. And what happens to people in cults? Yes, they get brainwashed, get stupid fucking haircuts, and do anything that their dear leader says to do, even if that means drinking the proverbial cool aid to catch the next ketamine comet with Elon and ride into a dystopian future that sounds even worse than the one Orwell imagined in 1984.
	- Now before you close your browser and dismiss me as another newsletter that's here to scare the shit out of you everyday and suck all of your energy into a black hole of despair, hear me out. That is not what this newsletter is. My entire purpose of WeisMind is to be a source of hope, of laughter, of wisdom, and of strength. Why? Because those four things are exactly what we need if we want to remain free.
	- Now, I can't promise you literal freedom and rights - not even democracy can do that. Hell, I doubt that democracy is coming back anytime soon and if it ever does make a return, many many people will no longer be around to experience it. If we're really being honest here, democracy been dead y'all. Reagan beat it to death after Nixon failed to kill it - we've spent all those years since his administration keeping it on life support while conservatives and foreign influencers sneak past the security in the hospital and stab it a few more times before fending them off and doing everything we can to keep it alive as long as we can.
	- I don't know if that adds any comfort or if I just poured hot water on an open wound, but the sooner that we can accept our situation as it is, the sooner we can fight and preserve our own freedom. The government has been spying on us since 9/11, dark money has controlled politics for decades, we incarcerate more of our own citizens than any other country does in the world,  and the massive gap in wealth is a real good sign that we live in at best, a carefully crafted caste system and at the very worst, a very modern type of slavery that is enforced through corporate monopolies controlled by a few very wealthy and powerful people who control the information we consume, the products we use, the channels in which we communicate, and the laws that we abide by.
	- Enough of the stuff you've already heard and are sick of hearing - are you ready for the good news? Shit, it's not even good news, it's amazing news that should make you jump out of your seat and scream FUCK YEAH! Ready?
	- There is absolutely something that can be done about all of this. Yes, you can win the game by not participating in theirs. Stand up for yourself and others, cause social unrest, and be a pain in the ass. Expose the cracks in their facade and hammer at them until they split and turn on each other. We know the only people who can guarantee, or at least try to fight for our own freedom are ourselves, so let's do it.
	- This publication has been a long time coming. You'll become more familiar with who I am in the coming issues, but the main thing that you need to know today is that my life has been extremely difficult, mainly the last couple years, but overall it has been pretty challenging. I'm not special or any different than anyone else, but I have experienced things that you and most others hopefully don't have to. No, that does not make me important, nor does it make me a better person than anyone else. I don't see the things I've had to go through as some type of unique courage that only I am capable of experiencing - I merely am a humble mortal, just like you friend.
	- My life has been filled with extreme highs and many more lows that know no bottom. Some of the hard times have been self inflicted and I've faced many things that I would consider unfair and unjust throughout my life, but no matter how much responsibility I bear for anything that's ever happened to me, I fully own all the consequences, both good and bad. I don't say that to be better than thou or anything - I say it so you can see that I am a person of little to no importance, who owns almost nothing of value, and who also continues to fail over and over again. You could say I have been humiliated into humility, but I think I've just had the best teacher anyone could ask for - failure.
	- What can you learn from someone like me? It turns out there is a whole lot you can learn from me in a time like this. You probably think I'm being cheeky, speaking in riddles, or boasting about how special I am, but I really am trying to get you to see a theme in my message here. *No matter who you are, what you've done, or where you are in your life, you are important and have the ability to be free if you want to be.* Everything in life is a mindset, a perspective, the way you perceive things. Once you understand this, you can control your own reality.
	- That's as abstract as I'll get today and there's much more to say on that, but you also should know that I am not just a mere failure who wanders around telling people to listen to me because I've been really good at sucking. I'll toot my horn a bit and share some things that I'm good at or things that people have told me I'm good at:
		- I'm extremely empathetic and caring, but can also be the opposite when I need to be.
		- I'm optimistic, gregarious, and love to chat people to death if they come within earshot of me and discussing something I'm passionate about.
		- I'm creative, love learning, and am a problem solver. This makes  Full-Stack Software Development the perfect career choice for me, but I am a renaissance man who will learn about anything and everything if need be.
		- The one thing that I believe really separates me from others is my grit - once you hear more of my story, you will understand what I'm talking about.
	- There's more but that is enough for now to hopefully show you that my words are worth your time - hopefully. The last thing I want to share before the end of this first issue is the game plan moving forward, aka, why you should subscribe to WeisMind or how this publication can be useful to you.
	- ### Encouragement, Humor, Positivity, Mindfulness
		- Never take yourself too seriously. That is the best advice I've ever been given and the best advice I can pass on. See, we all are way too hard on ourselves and/or on others. Taking things too seriously is a recipe for misery and there are some mean people already trying to inflict enough misery on us already - encourage yourself and others. Incorporate gratitude and mindfulness into your day. I do both of those at the same time each morning when I start my day out with a 10-minute freewriting session while doing my daily journal - that both clears my head and
-