tags:: weismind, newsletter

- title:: Issue One - Welcome to WeisMind
- description:: This is the very first issue ever so buckle in.
- ## Intro
	- I’ve struggled with how to start this new publication, what to write about, and what kind of knowledge I could share that would be practical and user to readers. To say my life has been a wild ride would be an understatement, but just sharing that story would get boring - people want value out of a newsletter and I don’t know what value you would get out of hearing my story. I'm not too egotistical to realize that.
	- What's been more challenging is trying to figure out a niche where I can apply the skills I've invested most of my time in the last few years can be shared in a unique way, while telling a story. I've spent the last four to five years learning full-stack development, in particularly difficult circumstances really. While I've learned a lot and certainly feel like I can write code at a somewhat advanced level, I don't know if I have anything to offer developers at this point that isn't something already out there - in other words, I feel like I am still learning a lot and/or haven't found a niche I would be expert enough in to be effective in my writing. Maybe I'm wrong, maybe I'm right; but I can tell you that is much more difficult to admit than "my story isn't cool enough to tell anyone."
	- So that has been my dilemma for the last 18 months to two years of thinking about how to start this publication. But something happened recently in November that changed things - a pretty terrible something and I realized what that meant for the future of our country, people I love, and people who I don't know but love because they are a part of my really big family called "fellow Americans." Sure, we all have differences, but the only people I hate here are the enemies who threaten our independence and freedom, and that is a very real threat in this moment in time.
	- So this threat opened up an opportunity to create, but what? What is there to be said, done, or taught that hasn't been said or done? Well, a lot really... but at the end of last week it sort of came to me while reading through Substack - I think there is something I can write about that is useful, and it really involves my entire experience. Mainly my experience of the last two and half years of an absolutely struggle filled and trying existence, but also through the many things I've learned on that journey. I'm still not exactly sure what to call it, but I'll take a stab at what I'm working on here.
	- WeisMind is a publication that is like a whittle for your mind - a way to sharpen it so it is ready for the things that lie ahead. Real tools, like technology, ideas, and ways to navigate challenging times. Motivation and hope in the form of storytelling and experience. And most importantly, compassion and empathy, which are the strength that each of us shares with one another in fighting the corrupt, evil menace that faces us right now. My goal is to interweave these components into a newsletter that serves as a resource, community, and tool to help you through the struggle that awaits everyone who still believes in a better way.
	- There have been times where everything that has happened in the last few years of my life have felt like the end of me, rock bottom, the final blow. I have fought and fought the notion of, "Hey, there may be a higher purpose in all of this", and I can understand why. But it took me finally breaking down enough to such a vulnerable and weak form of ego for me to have a different perspective and see the reason why all of this struggle, this unfair life, and the absolute humbling of my entire being was so necessary for me to become the most absolute honest, real, and happy version of myself. Nothing worth doing is ever easy - anything worth doing should be the hardest thing you've ever done, in my opinion.
	- Now, I have nothing to hide from anyone and the way people view me is of little importance - I only care that you can trust that I am truthful and that I truly do care about people. Everything else is mostly irrelevant for me. I'm lucky that there is somebody in my life who has become the only person that I truly care what they think because I spend 98% of each day with her. I promise I'm not trying to hide anything, but rather I think it will be more useful and entertaining to share my story piece by piece. Seriously - if you want to really find more out about me, I'm sure a lot of it is out there on the web and I'm even gonna share links to other websites I've created and other places I share content. Alright, I'm done with the riddles and cryptic bs - it's time to get down to why I think you should subscribe.
	- ### Paid subscriptions help me survive, free subscriptions make me feel good about myself
		- I'm going to straight up with the first reason, and it's purely selfish, but paid subscriptions would really help me out right now. While I do freelance and have been trying to find full-time work, I could really use any kind of help that you could provide. With that being said, this newsletter and all of my content will be free. I want everybody to read what I have to write and don't believe in putting something that is supposed to help everyone behind a paywall. But if you do become a paid subscriber, there will be certain benefits that you will enjoy for contributing your hard earned money. You have no idea how much I appreciate any kind of help you can afford, what you think my writing is worth to you, and what you think I deserve.
	- ### Storytelling that is entertaining, motivating, and teaches you something
		- Not to toot my own horn, but people have told me that I am a good storyteller. I've also studied the art of storytelling and is something I find fascinating. I won't claim I'm nearly as good as some of the best known writers out there, but I think I can write fairly well and tell a story in a way that makes you want to keep reading. So just like any of your other regularly read publications, I think this newsletter will provide elements of all those things we look for in newsletters, blogs, and other forms of content that we enjoy.
	- ### The knowledge I have to share will help you out and I will share it in a way everybody can understand
		- Whenever somebody says that it's a mistake to not focus on getting really good at one thing, that trying to learn about everything you can is futile, I scoff. Sure, I'm not an expert at one thing like you're supposed to be, but I am a very curious person who loves reading, learning, and creating things. Having a diverse set of interests and trying to know as much about all the things I possibly can has it's own advantages.
		- First of all, I feel like I can really empathize with most anyone and understand a wide range of perspectives. Too many people get caught up with their own beliefs or think only way on an issue and this creates problems when you need do something like, I don't know compromise or work together with somebody else. Second, I think understanding the bigger picture and how it correlates to many different things is important in terms of problem solving, helping others learn, and even can help you be happier. I'll have more to say on this in the future.
	- I don't have a specific expectation for this newsletter or necessarily a structure that I think it needs to follow